Running under python 3.10, I want to generate code that will scrape all pages on a website, and all files in a local unix folder so that I can later query it with OpenAI API

what would be the high level steps to create a full end to end application?

I think the stages would be 

1. get the source file or page content from each defined web or file source 
2. for each page or source file, cleanse the data so as to remove line breaks
3. chunk the data so that it can be efficiently tokenised by TikToken
4. send the data so that embeddings can be created 
5. store the produced embeddings so that I can query the data 

with this "private data set" processed and embeddings created and available locally, I would then like to 

1. have a python app web interface generated using Flask that allows interactive chat
2. the interactive chat should take the users input and be able to answer the query using the most appropriate response from my private data set

Ideally I would like an output at each stage showing the progression of the data from source to queryable embeddings
Also it would be ideal if the stages getting the content and stages encoding etc are separate 
I would like to be able to run the crawl process manually and get all the data stored first
I would then like to be able to manually launch a second process to cleanse the data so it can be chunked and tokenised
I would then like to manually run a process for the tokenisation 
I would then like to manually run a process to create the embeddings - with the data stored locally on disk in the most appropriate format

To query the data, I would like a single python 3.10 application using flask to act as the interface/user query encoding engine to produce the best response 

is that clear enough? thank you!


Web Scraping:

Identify the website(s) you want to scrape.
Use a web scraping library like BeautifulSoup or Scrapy to retrieve the source file or page content from each defined web source.
Store the scraped data locally, preferably in a structured format (e.g., JSON or CSV) for further processing.
File Processing:

Identify the local Unix folder containing the files you want to process.
Use standard file I/O operations to read the contents of each file.
Store the file contents locally, preferably in a structured format (e.g., JSON or CSV) for further processing.
Data Cleansing:

Write a script to cleanse the data, removing unwanted characters, line breaks, or any other irrelevant information. You can use regular expressions or string manipulation techniques for this task.
Store the cleansed data separately.
Data Chunking:

Write a script to split the cleansed data into smaller chunks that can be efficiently tokenized by TikToken. The chunk size will depend on the specific requirements and constraints of TikToken.
Store the chunked data separately.
Tokenization:

Write a script to tokenize the chunks of data using TikToken or any other appropriate tokenizer. You may need to install TikToken and its dependencies.
Store the tokenized data separately.
Embedding Creation:

Write a script to create embeddings from the tokenized data using the OpenAI API or any other embedding model.
Store the embeddings locally, ensuring they are in a suitable format for querying.
Flask Web Interface:

Set up a Flask application to serve as the user interface.
Design the web interface to allow interactive chat.
Implement the logic to receive user queries, encode them appropriately, and retrieve the most relevant responses using the stored embeddings.
By separating the stages of data acquisition, cleansing, chunking, tokenization, and embedding creation, you can manually trigger each process as needed. Once the data is ready and the Flask web interface is implemented, you can use it to query the processed and encoded dataset.

Remember to handle any necessary error checking, logging, and potential scalability considerations as you build each component of your application.



thats great - for each of the stages above, are you able to generate the python code? I would like to run  each stage as its own docker container - can you create the code for each stage as well as a Dockerfile and accompanying requirements.txt files etc for running each stage under Python 3.10 using the Docker Alpine base image 